I am going to talk about the story of Ichijo through the book called the New Hall Center for the Central Government.
I have been to almost every national park in Japan to read this book.
Therefore, the park is quite long.
It is not possible to put all of this into this book, so I would like to present only one part of it here.
Japan is not a place to talk about, but a country of family.
A country of family is a place that has existed in the former European and Asian parts of Europe.
However, it is a very small country, and today it cannot be stopped.
The fact that a large country that has a population of 70 million exists in the far east of the world,
I think that this is a great fact that we Yamato people should be proud of.
The reason why I say that Japan is already a country of family is that the Hall and us, the Hall,
must be considered as our family, our family.
We are the family, and we are the family, but the Hall and us are not related to the end.
The ancestors of the Hall are not just the Moos, but also the Oogami.
However, I think that our ancestors were also gods.
There are also Osandon gods who clean the air and there are also Gonsuke gods who run.
I think that our ancestors were either Gonsuke or Osandon gods, but the gods are not like that.
In that relationship, we stand with the Hall, and if we take this into account,
it becomes the Hall, the main hall, and the people.
The Hall is the Oomiki, and the people are the branches.
If the Hall is the Oomiki and the people are the branches,
then in order to measure the area of the Hall,
the Oomiki, which is the place where the Oomiki is located,
must be the foundation of the Hall.